First, the digital currency
1.1What is a digital currency?
The digital currency is abbreviated as DIGICCY, which is an abbreviation of English “Digital Currency” and is an alternative currency in the form of electronic money.Both digital gold coins and cryptocurrencies belong to the digital currency (DIGICCY).
Digital currency is different from virtual currency in the virtual world because it can be used for real goods and services transactions, not limited to online games.The early digital currency (digital gold currency) was a form of electronic money named after the weight of gold.Today's digital currencies, such as Bitcoin, Litecoin and PPCoin, are electronic money that is created, distributed and circulated by means of checksum cryptography.It is characterized by the use of P2P peer-to-peer technology to issue, manage and circulate currency. In theory, it avoids the approval of bureaucracies and gives everyone the right to issue currency.
Digital currency refers to a digital currency that does not rely on any physical object, using a cryptographic algorithm. It now refers to English Cryptocurrency (meaning bitcoin digital currency, and includes bitcoin).
Bitcoin, Litecoin, Bitcoin, etc., are digital currencies that rely on cryptography and verification techniques to create, distribute and maintain.The characteristics of digital currency are that it uses peer-to-peer technology and everyone can distribute it.
The digital currency is divided into open mining type password digital currency (represented by bitcoin) and issue password digital currency.

1.2The frontier of digital currency development
In 1982, David Chaum first proposed an untrackable cryptography network payment system.In 1990, Chaum extended his ideas to the original cryptographic anonymous cash system.This system is what is called ecash later.In 1998, Wei Dai published an article describing an anonymous, distributed electronic cash system, which he named "b-money."In the same period, Nick Szabo invented "Bit gold."Like Bitcoin, "Bit gold" also sets up a

similar mechanism, the user solves the "workload proof problem" competitively, and then the results of the answer are linked together by encryption algorithm to form a property certification system.A variant of "Bit gold" is "Reusable Workload Proof" and the developer is Hal Finney.
In 2008, Nakamoto published a paper in the metzdowd cryptography mailing list, which described Bitcoin's electronic cash system.
On January 3, 2009, the Bitcoin network was born. Nakamoto Sakamoto released the first version of the open source Bitcoin client.Bitcoind, the world's first bitcoin blockchain, was born, and the world's first 50 bitcoins were created at the same time.A year later, the first fair exchange rate for Bitcoin was born, and the source was a spontaneous transaction between users on the bitcointalk forum.The transaction was a user who bought a pizza with 10,000 bitcoins.The most important reference exchange rate for Bitcoin is the exchange rate between Bitcoin and US Dollar in the Mtgox exchange.
